1.
lets check our user story again:
As an air traffic controller
So I can get passengers to a destination
I want to instruct a plane to land at an airport

create a test that:
checks that airport has a plane..
when the land method has been applied to plane
ok, first we need to create a Plane
then we need to land that plane
then we need to check the airport has that Plane

hmm.. feel I'm missing somehting here. lets just check the dock method
ahh. so if we copy dock then the land method should be in the airport class
so it says to the plane "hey plane, come and land at my airport."

2.
user story:
As an air traffic controller
So I can get passengers on the way to their destination
I want to instruct a plane to take off from an airport and confirm that it is no longer in the airport

at the moment, we have to take the assumption that he can only let the most recent plane that landed, take off
We also have to assume that the aiport starts empty
consequently we need to land a plane before it can take off
so airport.take_off needs to return and remove? the last plane in the planes array
I think we need 2 tests here:
1 checks that the plane that has taken off is indeed a plane
2 checks that the plane is no_longer in the airport.

n.b. what we've created here is a test that checks that the airport is empty after the plane takes off which is not correct if there is more than one plane. how can we improve this?
How about we search the planes array for the plane object?

3.
As an air traffic controller
To ensure safety
I want to prevent takeoff when weather is stormy

is weather an object? or is a method that either returns stormy or sunny.. I think the latter... .weather should return stormy or sunny.
Hence, weather s a method of the airport class since it tells us something about the state of the airport

tests:
1 check the weather can be called
2 if the weather is stormy (randomise this) try to call take_off on airport. this should fail

for number 2, I think we are going to need to create a mock in order to ensure that the weather is stormy

4.
As an air traffic controller
To ensure safety
I want to prevent landing when weather is stormy

seems similar to 3 if anything easier
tests:
-  check let_plane_land method fails when weather is stormy
- alter let_plane_land test to work when weather is sunny

5.
As an air traffic controller
To ensure safety
I want to prevent landing when the airport is full

how  big is the airport? pretty fucking small! only fits one plane (we assume at first)

tests:
set airport.full == full using sub
actually, don't need a sub, can just land one plane
check let_plane_land fails due to fullness

6.
As the system designer
So that the software can be used for many different airports
I would like a default airport capacity that can be overridden as appropriate

I want to set a capacity default as 20
I want to make this overidable

How shall I test this?
1. check that the default capacity is 20
do this by landing 20 aircraft and calling an error on the 21st
2. overide the capacity
land capacity aircraft and call an error on capacity + 1






To do
find way to clean laptop
start blog ideas list
revert to old to do list
